---
title: Unsure
feed: show
date: 12-07-2023
permalink: /unsure
format: Post
---

It's 20:00:00. Worked from home today, and there are only a certain number of hours you can sit in your room alone before you start losing your mind to boredom.

So I'm here at the terrace. Making a resolution that I won't work from home in the future unless absolutely required. It's a quiet evening here at the terrace. People are still pouring in, I think.

_Mid-week blues, I think._

I've been thinking of spending more time on writing these pieces. Fixed some issues with the website day-before-yesterday. I'm not sure if you've been following since before these fixes, but regardless this is more for me than anyone else.

Somehow, there's nothing significant on my mind. It's bothering me that I'm not thinking of ways to improve myself.

#### Maybe that's part of the problem. Impatience.

But how do you convince yourself that the hunger which is your primary driving force is working against itself?

_How do you optimise your actions into becoming more and more aligned with your wisdom as opposed to your desires?_

<br />

---

<br />

It's just started to rain here, and is getting heavier by the minute. The people have poured into the terrace with the rain. I'm still here typing these words out on my laptop though. I'm not really sure why.

#### Inertia will be the death of your dreams. Just start.

I am going to stop typing for a bit, talk to the people who have poured in.

<br />

---

<br />

So I'm back. Just had some _anda bhurji_ with a friend. Nice guy, way smarter than I was at his age. But it's not just about how smart he is, what really piques my interest is how analytical he is about himself. Makes me wonder if I'm doing enough.

#### Comparision is the thief of all joy.

There is an inherent feeling of _lack_ in comparision. Why would someone content ever do something so foolish as to compare.

_No such thing as a life that's better than yours. ~ J. Cole_

Yes, I am now quoting the legend.

But I digress. Isn't the nature of being all about growth. If I can't give myself time and space to grow, then how will I?

I will give myself some time tonight, let's get back to table tennis.

See you tomorrow.
