---
title: Bye, DXB!
feed: show
date: 30-06-2023
permalink: /bye-dxb
format: Post
---

I am sitting at DXB airport, all set to board my flight, the one taking me to the next chapter of my life (aka BLR). I'm 22, but everything feels so high-stakes, it's unnerving.

There doesn't seem to be a lot of room for error. Maybe that's not true, but banking on that maybe would be a mistake.

<br />

---

<br />

All of the people who know me, know that I'm not too kind to myself. It is one of my bigger flaws. The urge to burn everything from my past could be explained by this. There are a lot of mistakes and not a lot of forgiveness to go around. I'd loved to have been better than I really was. I try to convince myself I couldn't have known better, but my memory fails me.

This blog in itself seems like a mistake. I'm not writing about anything significant. Just a bunch of self-deprecating thoughts from a nobody. Literally nobody cares.

To be honest though, I do feel lighter after writing these out. It's true what they say. Writing helps with clarity. You can think only as fast as you can type. The catch is to keep typing, otherwise you'll go back to overthinking.

<br />

---

<br />

For the time being though, there is not a lot of time and a lot left to say.

Dubai, you were everything your promised to be. The perfect place for me to enjoy myself. I'll come back to you when I am someone. But I can't become someone here. I need to tear myself away from everything you have and become the person I want to be. There is no other way.

Mom, Dad, I don't have words to convey what I feel. I'll try anyway. Thank you for everything you have done, the things I know of and the many more that I don't know of. I hope I haven't been too much of a disappointment. I hope I can become someone you would be proud of. There is time, and I intend to make the best use of it. Keep me in your prayers.

This is goodbye for now, DXB.
