---
title: Hello, BLR!
feed: show
date: 30-06-2023
permalink: /hello-blr
format: Post
---

Okay, this is post 4 of the _Build in Public_ phase. I am flying 33,000 feet above the ground and am on my way to the next chapter of my life (aka BLR). I am a radically different person than who I was five years ago. I hope that is true, because otherwise the last five years wouldn't be very well lived. Not by my definition at least.

For the past four days, I have written a few dozen words each day and put them up right here on this blog. I don't know what that has achieved. I'm not sure if it will ever achieve anything. What I'm starting to realize though, is that living is much more of an internal process than we realize.

The only thing I truly have is this moment and the words I fill this moment with. If these words are worth nothing, that doesn't effect me, for I have nothing to gain or lose. There is only this current moment and whether or not I have lived that moment. This is what I feel today.

I don't know this firsthand, but I reckon anybody who's anybody didn't get there by thinking of things that I often used to find myself thinking of - _success_, _starting up_, _influence_, _impact_, _legacy_.

### I find myself happiest when I focus on the present moment. Unsurprisingly, that is also when I'm at my best at work.

There is a certain difficulty to thinking of the present moment, when our evolution itself rewards long-term thinking - in the forms of social structures, driven by motives of self-preservation.

_But how does one unlearn evolutionary lessons?_
<br />
_By evolving further._

I believe that is what I must do. I must evolve further to understand that life is not the next decade or two, but this very moment.

This is life. Sitting in a cramped economy seat on a domestic flight looking up at the cabin crew discussing something about work. So is sitting at a desk at a WeWork in BLR coding away my day. So is singing a song I wrote to the love of all my lives while she smiles at me in a way that no one ever has or will.

This is life. As long as I am in every moment, it will be great.
